README.md, before:

# Lightsaber

Lightsaber is a [Dagger 2][dagger] plugin that detects unused code in your `Module`s, `Component`s and `Subcomponent`s

## What to expect

```
/path/module/com/example/MyComponent.java:6:8: e: The @BindsInstance `myInt` declared in `test.MyComponent` is not used. [UnusedBindsInstances]
```

This plugin contains several rules:
- Empty `@Component` and `@Subcomponent`
- Unused `@BindsInstance`
- Unused `@Provides` or `@Binds` inside `@Module`s
- Unused `@Component(dependencies)`
- Unused member injection methods (`Component.inject(Foo)`)
- Unused `@Module`s

## How to use it

Add the plugin to your project:

```kotlin
// build.gradle.kts
plugins {
    id("io.github.schwarzit.lightsaber") version "0.0.13"
}
```

And run `./gradlew lightsaberCheck`. Lightsaber will check your code and fail if there is any issue.

### Configuration

You can change that default for each rule from error to warnings or even ignore it completely like this:

```kotlin
import schwarz.it.lightsaber.gradle.Severity

lightsaber {
  emptyComponents = Severity.Error
  unusedBindsInstances = Severity.Error
  unusedBindsAndProvides = Severity.Error
  unusedDependencies = Severity.Error
  unusedMembersInjection = Severity.Error
  unusedModules = Severity.Error
}
```

## How to build it

Clone the repo and execute:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

  [dagger]: https://dagger.dev/

Commit message:

Implement Suppress (#186)
* Support @Suppress into UnusedEmptyComponent

* WIP

* asdf

* Improve naming

* Suppress UnusedBindsInstances

* Suppresion on UnusedBindsAndProvides

* Suppresion on UnusedDependencies

* Suppresion on UnusedMembersInjectionMethods

* Support @Suppress into UnusedEmptyComponent

* WIP

* asdf

* Improve naming

* Suppress UnusedBindsInstances

* Suppresion on UnusedBindsAndProvides

* Suppresion on UnusedDependencies

* Suppresion on UnusedMembersInjectionMethods

* add suppress on Unused modules

* apply spotless

* add Suppress to Readme

---------

Co-authored-by: Javier <javier.luque@scrm.lidl>
Co-authored-by: Raúl Moreno García <raul.moreno@scrm.lidl>
Co-authored-by: Jennifer Arias <jennifer.arias@scrm.lidl>

README.md, after:

# Lightsaber

Lightsaber is a [Dagger 2][dagger] plugin that detects unused code in your `Module`s, `Component`s and `Subcomponent`s

## What to expect

```
/path/module/com/example/MyComponent.java:6:8: e: The @BindsInstance `myInt` declared in `test.MyComponent` is not used. [UnusedBindsInstances]
```

This plugin contains several rules:
- Empty `@Component` and `@Subcomponent`
- Unused `@BindsInstance`
- Unused `@Provides` or `@Binds` inside `@Module`s
- Unused `@Component(dependencies)`
- Unused member injection methods (`Component.inject(Foo)`)
- Unused `@Module`s

## How to use it

Add the plugin to your project:

```kotlin
// build.gradle.kts
plugins {
    id("io.github.schwarzit.lightsaber") version "0.0.13"
}
```

And run `./gradlew lightsaberCheck`. Lightsaber will check your code and fail if there is any issue.

### Configuration

You can change that default for each rule from error to warnings or even ignore it completely like this:

```kotlin
import schwarz.it.lightsaber.gradle.Severity

lightsaber {
  emptyComponents = Severity.Error
  unusedBindsInstances = Severity.Error
  unusedBindsAndProvides = Severity.Error
  unusedDependencies = Severity.Error
  unusedMembersInjection = Severity.Error
  unusedModules = Severity.Error
}
```

## Suppress

Lightsaber supports the `@Suppress` annotation. If you want to suppress an issue, you only have to add the `@Suppress` annotation above the reported element with the rule name.
Example: 
```kotlin
@Module
class MyModule {
    @Suppress("UnusedBindsAndProvides")
    @Provides
    fun providesPotatoes() = "potatoes"
}
```

## How to build it

Clone the repo and execute:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

  [dagger]: https://dagger.dev/
